Add links to raw YAML specs on API docs (#3773)
astronomer/docs: api/fern/docs/pages/overview.mdx

- `500`: **Internal sever error** - The request could not be completed because of an error caused by Astro.

All error responses include a `requestId` that you can share with Astronomer support if you want to learn more about the error. 

## Download OpenAPI specifications

> To read Astro API documentation from another platform, such as Postman or Swagger, download the YAML configurations on the following pages and import them into the tool of your choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To export Astro API's OpenAPI specifications for use on another platform, such as Postman or Swagger, download the YAML configurations from the following pages and import them into the tool of your choice.
```

> - [Astro API platform specification](https://api.astronomer.io/spec/platform/v1beta1)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Astro API Platform specification](https://api.astronomer.io/spec/platform/v1beta1)
```
